The Knickerbocker hotel is fantastic! It's an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once. The hotel has a fabulous location. It's a one minute walk to the Cheesecake Factory and Bloomingdales, and about a 5 minute walk to Einstein Bagel Company (the best bagels and cream cheese EVER), Macys and Saks. This location can't be beat. You're at one end of the magnificent mile, so it makes for easy strolling, as you don't start in the middle and then backtrack. The hotel staff are super helpful and friendly. Checking in and out was very smooth, and the concierge (Cheryl) was amazing. She booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us, and recommended an incredible restaurant called Carmines which was a 5 minute walk. It was the greatest italian restaurant I have ever been to, and I can't recommend it more. The rooms are small but not too small. We had a beautiful big samsung flat screen, cordless phones, a rain shower, ample clean towels, and beautiful marble countertops. The hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like I was at a 5 star hotel in Europe. The beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter. The only complaint I had was that housekeeping woke us up at 8:30 one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on. When we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed. The issue was corrected, though, and it didn't happen again during our 4 night stay. The hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping. Very cute. Their late night menu, however, is lacking. It would have been nice to see some soup on there. That being said, I RARELY order from room service when on vacation, so I really don't see that being a big deal. Overall I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. I think we paid about 130 a night and I would say it was worth far more than that. We had a wonderful experience and I truly look forward to staying there again....wouldn't stay anywhere else! 
