We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently and had a great experience! My husband and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Chicago. We are frequent travelers who are used to staying in well-maintained, luxury properties with many amenities and the Omni Chicago definitely fit the bill. First of all, the hotel is all suites. We stayed in one of the "Premium Suites". The accommodations were definitely luxurious, with premium bedding, very nice robes for our use, and a choice of pillows. We used the hypo-allergenic ones, but I believe you could have also chosen foam or feathers. We were pleased to find that the TV was plasma, we have found that not all hotels have upgraded to plasma and we don't wish to use one of the old-fashioned type of TVs anymore now that we are so used to plasma at home. There were actually two TVs in our suite. There were also some additional amenities that we appreciated such as high-speed internet access, a wet bar, an indoor swimming pool and two gorgeous sundecks for relaxing outside. The location was perfect as it was right in the midst of the Miracle Mile, with so much to do practically at the Omni's doorstep. I also treated myself to the Windy City Massage, which was done in the comfort and luxury of our suite. The masseuse was excellent and she used very high-quality products for my sensitive skin. It was extremely relaxing and I was so pleased to find out that I could get this at the Omni. It was easy for us to see why the Omni came so highly recommended. I also wanted to mention that the staff was very helpful and friendly, recommending several excellent area restaurants. However, we think our best meal was at the Omni's 676 Restaurant, where my husband raved about the bone-in ribeye and I had the carrot soup and the Lake Erie Silver Bass. They had an extensive wine list and we were easily able to choose wines we loved with the staff's guidance. Lastly, the hotel staff also highly recommended we visit the nearby Art Institute of Chicago, which was a highlight of our trip. We loved that there were multiple museums so close to the Omni! We will be frequent visitors at the Omni in the future, where I will definitely be getting the in-room massage again. We are going to pass this recommendation on to all of our friends and family - choose the Omni for a great Chicago experience!
