We stayed at Omni Chicago for 2 nights in early July (July 1-3). The reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on TravelZoo. We got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food&beverages. I also signed up for their loyalty program, which was so worth it. I was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid. But I was totally wrong! They treated us extremely well. Before our arrival, I got an email asking if we needed anything. So, I asked for a fridge to store the baby milk. And they arranged it for us without charge :) We arrived late on Thursday night. Our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge I requested. We were given a corner suite on the 10th floor...very nice room...comfy bed. My husband was really wowwwww!!! The bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed (we didn't use the sofa-bed though). We got a high-speed Internet as part of the loyalty program. All staff were friendly and helpful...front desk, valet parking, bell boy, room service, concierge,... everyone! We used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning. The first day was great. Food was great, and quick. We also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program. We ordered OJ and hot chocolate. They both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning. But we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible. It tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate :( Also, we ordered Belgian waffle for our breakfast, which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries...but we got a plain waffle. So, we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those. This is why I didn't give "5" for service. However, I reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out, and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal. Another thing is that it's quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor. We could hear siren going on & off during the night. But this is out of the hotel's control though. And I would say that it didn't bother us at all. My baby could sleep very well. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely consider Omni for our next trip to Chicago. 
